The Queen of New Orleans
Part 1 The Queen is Crown
New Orleans 1805
Two hundred years ago New Orleans was quite a place to be
Lots of interest in people lived there or passed through
Musicians, gamblers, sailors
Some nights the French Quarter of the city was
Well let's say it was lively
Down in Congo Square or Flatts Congo was the people there called it
The scene was also pretty lively
It was a place where freed slaves used to go
A place where they worshiped a special kind of religion
This religion had a lot of different names
Backhand, Ifa or Isha
Nowadays we call it Voodoo
About that time there was a Voodoo Queen in New Orleans
Her name was Sanite Debe and everyone was afraid of them
Lots of people used to ask her for favors
But she made a good living out of it
What do you want?
I need your help
Oh yeah?
I owe somebody a lot of money
I want to know if you have anything that belongs to him
Yes, I managed to get this from him
Nice handkerchief, guess he must be pretty rich
Yes he is
How much do you owe him?
$5,000
Then you're one stupid son of a bitch
It wasn't my fault
This is going to cost you money
I'll pay you what I can
You'll pay me $500
$500? I can't
$500? Take it or leave it
But I can't
Okay, goodbye
No, open the door, open the door
I'll pay you $500
Bring me half tomorrow
Sanite Debe was the number one Voodoo woman in New Orleans
But then, someone else came along
This is the story of Marie LaVoe
The woman who became the new Voodoo Queen of New Orleans
At the beginning of our story
Marie was just a simple hairdresser
Marie? Marie?
Hello Blanche
Marie, do you have time to cut my hair today?
Not now Blanche, no
Maybe tomorrow?
Okay, I'll see you tomorrow
Fine, bye for now
Well, hello
Oh my god, you frightened me
I can't see anything with the blinds down
Who is it?
Well Marie, don't you remember my voice
Jacques, is it you?
Show is
What do you think you're doing sitting here in the dark?
What do you want?
Marie, what do you think I want?
I don't know Jacques
I'm not a mind reader
Come on Marie, did you forget Friday night already?
Friday night was Friday night, Jacques
Today is another day
And today could be another day like Friday Marie
There was quite a party the day that Marie LaVoe and Jacques Paris got married
Marie LaVoe
Fine looking woman, intelligent
And knew how to make an honest buck
Jacques Paris
Well, he was fine looking too but
Well, let's say he wasn't a regular kind of guy, you know
The kind that gets up in the morning and goes to work
If he was up in the morning, it was because he'd been up all night drinking and gambling
A lot of people were very surprised when Marie married someone
Like Jacques
And do you, Marie, take Jacques to be your lawful wedded husband?
I do
And do you, Jacques, take Marie to be your lawful wedded wife?
Jacques
Huh?
Do you take this woman to be your lawful wedded wife?
Oh sure, preacher man
Jacques, just say I do
Okay, I do
Good, I now pronounce you man and wife, you may kiss the bride
It's all right, Mr. preacher, I already did that
Hey Marie, hi Blanche
What's it like to be a married woman?
When I find out, I'll tell you
Hello, Jacques
Well, hello
Now, do I know you?
You sure do
Refresh my memory, pretty lady
My name is Gina
We met in Baton Rouge a year or so ago
Ah, yes, very refreshing
So, Jacques, you went and got yourself a wife
I sure did
Marion Marie LaVoe was the best thing I ever did
You think so?
Well, now, you trying to tell me something?
Well, yes I am, but here ain't the right place to tell you
Marie, what is it Blanche?
I think you should go outside
Why should I do that Blanche?
I'm having a fine time here
Right, and Jacques is having a fine time out the bank
Oh, Jacques, it's so good to see you again
The show is, come here
Not here
Where then?
I have a room, second floor in a rooming house on Rose Street
Number 21
Why don't you come and see me there?
Show thing
There they are
Oh my God
Jesus, how do I get out of here?
There's no way out of here except through the house
Get behind the tree
What?
Jacques, are you out here?
Jacques?
Well, I'm Marie
You with someone, Jacques?
Will someone show as hell not?
I'm just taking the air
There's someone here I know there is
I think she's here
Wow, I like all my hair you bitch
You're calling me a bitch?
Let go of me
You come after my husband on my wedding day
And you call me a bitch?
Let go of me
Get me one good reason why I should do that
Stop it, let me go
Okay, I'll let go of you
You're crazy
And now you're calling me names
Don't you dare call me names
Why you?
Get up
Don't get me again
Are you trying to kill me or something?
I'm not gonna touch you again, you piece of garbage
But if you ever go near my husband again
I really will kill you
Now get out of here
You're a mad woman, Marie Loveau
You regret doing this
Marie, are you okay?
I'm fine, Blanche
Do you need any help?
No, go away
I want to talk to Jacques alone
Okay, but yell if you need me
Okay
Marie
Don't talk, Jacques
Just listen
This is our wedding day
And I've just found you with another woman
Marie, we were just talking
In fact, I was just telling
Listen, you're my husband now
And from now on, you do things the way I want them
I was just...
Huh?
You hurt me, Jacques
We're a man and wife
And we do things my way
Are you serious?
We're gonna do things your way?
That's right
Uh-uh
No one tells me what to do, Marie
I'm a free man, remember?
I ain't a slave
If you think you got yourself a slave when you married me
You're wrong
It doesn't make no difference that we're married
I'm gonna do things my way
And no one is gonna stop me
You're gonna do things your way
I sure am
And that includes seeing other women
Marie, I will go where I want
See who I want
And do what I want
And there ain't a damn thing you can do about it
Oh, Jacques
You should not have said that
You really shouldn't have said that
You have to learn never ever
To make me angry
Marie
Are you okay?
No, Blanche
I'm not okay
Where's Jacques?
I don't know
And I don't care
Marie
It's your wedding day
You just got married
And you don't know where your husband is
And you don't care
No, Blanche
I don't
Marie, what's happened to you?
What do you mean?
You look different
Your eyes
I don't know what's happened to me Blanche
But I sure as hell feel different
I feel
Angry and
I don't know
I also feel strong
From now on
I'm not gonna take any nonsense from Jack or anyone
And first of all
I'm gonna take care of that little trap he was talking to
You know her name?
I...
No, I don't know her name
I think you do Blanche
Tell me
Marie, tell me
I think her name is Gina Baptiste
Do you know where she lives?
No, really I don't
Blanche, find out where she lives for me
Okay, but Blanche don't try to tell me what to do
It's too late for that
Okay Marie
I'll find out where she lives
A few days later
Gina was in her room at the room in house
Who's there?
Is that you, Jack?
Jack?
Are you...
What the hell is...
Oh!
Help!
Someone help me!
What's going on up there?
This is disgusting!
What's all the fuss about?
Did you see anyone coming up to my door?
Lady, there's always people coming to your door
Someone just knocked on my door
Did you see anyone?
Well, I saw a woman going up the stairs
What did she look like?
I didn't see her face
Anyway, what you yelling about?
Look!
My log is...
There's blood everywhere
What is it?
Well, it was an animal
Chicken, I guess now it's just blood
And feathers and bones and stuff
And look at my door!
There's blood on my door
Oh my God!
What is it?
Someone wrote the letter M on your dog
What does it mean?
Lady, you ain't from New Orleans, are you?
No!
Why did they write M on my door?
Don't you know nothing?
It's the first letter of the word mort
That's French
It means death
And it's written on your door in blood
Man, someone just put a curse on you
Of course, it was Marie who wrote the letter M in blood on Gina's door
Afterwards, she went out into the street and ran in the direction of her house
But she didn't make it
I'm sorry, I didn't see you
No, just hold on there, Ma
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to run into you now
If you don't mind, I'll just be going
I said, hold on there
And calm down
Now, are you okay?
I'm fine
Mom, you have blood all over your hands and your clothes
Oh my God
I think you should tell me what's going on here
No, take your hands off me and let me go
Mom, maybe you don't know me
But I can help you
What are you talking about?
Who are you?
My name is John Bayou
John Bayou?
Yes, but around here
People call me Dr. John
Dr. John
Oh Lord Jesus, you're a voodoo doctor
Mom, I'm just a preacher in a church for freed slaves
I don't really like the expression voodoo doctor
But it's what you are, leave me alone
I don't want to talk to you
Mom, you look like you're in big trouble
I don't want help from no voodoo doctor
Now, you listen to me, you need help
I can smell death on it
I ain't killed no one
Just calm down and listen
Right now, I'm probably the only person in your lives
Who can help you, now come with me
Where? Where are you taking me?
Just across the street
Somewhere we can talk
Across the street? To that bar?
That's right
I'm not going into a bar
I'm a respectable woman
A respectable married woman
I know you're a respectable woman
But you need to clean up and we need to talk
You can't go anywhere looking like that
Oh God
There are people across the street who can help you
Now let's go
Here she is, Dr. John
She's all cleaned up now
Thank you, Celeste
Anytime, Dr. Anything else I can do for you
No, thank you, Celeste, you've been more than helpful
Okay, well you know where I am if you need me
I don't like it here
People are looking at me
Only in your imagination
They all got plenty of other things to think about
I want to say sorry
I wasn't very nice to you
You don't need to apologize
You just need to tell me what's going on
You could start by telling me your name
My name is Marie Paris
Marie Paris?
A married to a man named Jack Paris
Maybe you've heard of him?
Oh my goodness, yes, everyone in New Orleans knows Jack about us
I didn't realize he had such a fine look at why
Well, we've only been married for a week or so
But my...
Jack is not an easy man to be married to
Well, I'm sure you're right about that
Mr. Bayou, this is not a laughing matter
I've just done something terrible
Okay, if you want me to help
You have to tell me what happened
Okay, there was a woman at our wedding party
I didn't know her, I don't know how she got there
Anyway, she knew my husband and...
Yes...
I think my husband was planning to see her, like, secretly
I see, go on
I went to the place where she lives and...
And?
What did you do, Marie?
I drew the letter M on her door, in blood
Ah...
I just wanted to frighten her
Right, well, I guess I can understand that
But there's something else?
What?
Well, I waited to see what happened
I sat on the stairs just above her room
Well, I was sitting there, I started to imagine things
I couldn't stop myself
What did you imagine, Marie?
I imagined that I was stabbing her, like, with a knife
Well, you only imagined that
I know, but she screamed
She did what?
She screamed
I could hear her through the door
I imagined stabbing her with a knife
And I could hear her screaming
Ah!
I can't stop it anymore
I've got to get out of here
Hello, Gina
You!
It's you!
What are you doing to me?
I ain't doing nothing, Gina
You're killing me
I ain't putting a finger on you, Gina
But you're gonna die
I'm certain of that
You're a bad woman
And you deserve to die
Stop it
And let me out of here
You ain't going nowhere you travel
Let me out of here
You ain't leaving
I have to get out of here
The window
I can get out through the window
Someone help me
You okay, ma'am?
I'm dying
I have to get out of here
Hey, ma'am, you be careful
You're gonna fall
Stop
Stop!
Someone get a doctor
It's too late
There ain't nothing a doctor can do now
So
She jumped from her balcony
And now she's dead
Are you sure that's what happened?
Yes
I came out of the room in house
And I saw her
Did anyone see you leave the room in house?
No
Everyone was looking at her lying dead in the street
Oh, no
I'm not sorry she's dead
She was a bitch and a tramp
But I didn't kill her
I just feel that suddenly I have this power
And I'm scared
I don't want it
Well, Marie
This ain't something you can choose
You don't go looking for this kind of power
The power finds you
Listen, you don't understand what's happening to you right now
But I do
You need help
What kind of help?
You need to come with me
To plus Congo
Plus Congo?
I ain't going there
It's too dangerous
They're crazy people doing crazy stuff there
Crazy dancing beating on drums
I'm too scared to go there
Marie is just a place where people go to worship the god they believe in
I ain't going
Okay
But if you change your mind
Meet me there on Sunday night
Soon after Marie arrived home
Jack walked through the door
Marie
Where are you?
I'm here
In the pantry
What do you want?
What the hell do you think you're doing?
I'm not doing anything, Jack
I'm just sitting here minding my own business
Minding your own business
Is killing someone minding your own business
What are you talking about, Jack?
You know what I'm talking about
Has someone died?
You know damn well that someone has died
Gina is dead
Gina?
Is that the woman I found you with at our wedding?
You know who I'm talking about
How did she die?
Stop playing games with me Marie
I ain't playing games, Jack
Did she have an accident?
No Marie
She didn't have an accident
Folks who were in the street say that she came out on her balcony screaming fit to wake in the dead
She was yelling that someone was stabbing her with a knife
Was someone stabbing her, Jack?
No Marie
No one was stabbing her
But she thought someone was stabbing her
And?
And she threw herself off the balcony
She's dead Marie
And you expect me to feel sad about that?
Listen to me
No, Jack, you listen to me
You wanted to go with that worthless tramp on our wedding day
On our wedding day, Jack
The day that should have been the most important day of my life
And you ruined it all
You didn't have to kill her
Jack, I didn't lay a finger on that whore
I'm glad she's dead
It's what she deserves
But I did not touch her
You killed her
You did it somehow
I know you did
And I ain't staying in the same house as you any longer
John?
Well Marie, nice to see you
Welcome to Blast Congo
What's going on here?
It's scary
It's just people having a good time Marie
There ain't nothing to worry about
Hey lady, come up there
You tell her, Matthew, take your hands off me
Oh, come now, lady, I ain't gonna hurt you
You heard what the lady said, sir
Oh yeah?
And who the hell do you think you are?
Hey, lay off, Matthew
That's John Bayou
John Bayou?
Oh my God
Dr. John, sorry, Mr. Bayou
I think you better say sorry to the lady as well, so
Sorry, lady
Sorry I spoke to you
Come on
Well, John, you certainly have the power, too
Maybe
Anyway, you don't need to feel afraid
I don't feel afraid when I'm with you
But what's going on here?
Well, most people here are just here to talk, dance, be with their friends
But there's some religious stuff going on, too
John?
What is it?
That man over there, the one near the fire
What about him?
He's dancing and he's holding a snake
The snake is wrapped around his body
That's right
What's he doing?
Don't worry, Marie
He's a voodoo preacher
Snicks are very special creatures to voodoo people
But what's happening?
The voodoo service is started
And he afraid of the snake?
No, Marie, he ain't afraid of the snake
And you mustn't be afraid, either
What do you mean, I mustn't be afraid?
Marie, he may choose to give the snake to someone
It's part of the service
He may choose to give the snake to you
Give me the snake, why?
Don't be afraid if he asks you to take the snake
Are you crazy? No way
I'm not going anywhere near a snake
Snake scare me to death
Marie, you have nothing to fear from the snake
You have the power to control you
John, I can't do it
I can't stay here
Marie, there ain't no place you can go
If the preacher wants to find you
He'll find you
Why are you saying this?
You said I should come here to get help
Then you'll scare me nearly to death
Marie, trust me
Why? Why should I trust you?
3, 2, 3
Rambalah widow
From God's sake
What'd she say?
He's speaking to Rambalah widow
Rambalah widow
He's the voodoo snake God
He is coming towards you, Mary.
John, help me!
Lady with the long black hair.
What do you want?
Take this name.
No!
Take this name!
Oh my God!
Feel the power, Mary!
You have the power!
And the power will save you!
Take it!
Stop!
Good, Mary!
You're right.
Mary!
Dambala widow.
I hear you.
I hear you!
Dambala widow!
Mary left Place Congo a changed woman.
The next day she received a visitor.
Hold on.
Okay, okay, I'm coming.
Can I help you?
Are you, Marie LaVoe?
Maybe.
Who wants to know?
Let me in.
Excuse me.
Did I say you could come in?
I have something to tell you.
You do?
Yes.
I run the church for freed slaves.
My name is Daddy.
Some people call me Sanity Daddy.
Aha!
So you're Sanity Day Day.
The voodoo queen.
Well, well, well.
So, why are you visiting Marie LaVoe?
I guess you don't want me to cut your hair.
Don't you make fun of me woman?
Close the door.
I heard about what you did last night in Place Congo.
Is that right?
People are talking about you as if you're the voodoo queen of New Orleans.
They are.
And you ain't.
Is that all you've come to tell me?
If it is, then maybe you'd listen to me woman.
And listen good.
I heard you did something really bad.
Really?
Yes.
I heard you killed a woman called Gina Baptiste.
See?
Now you know you're in trouble.
I think you don't want to believe everything you hear.
This Gina woman.
She was messing with your husband right.
That's enough.
I don't want you in my house anymore.
Get out of here.
Listen.
You're the one that needs to get out.
It's time for you to pack your bags and leave town.
Leave town?
I ain't going nowhere.
Leave town or you're going to die.
You don't scare me one little bit.
Listen woman.
I'm getting tired of all of this.
I'm going to give you one more chance.
I'm giving you 24 hours to get out of here and go someplace else.
And if I don't, if you don't, I'm going to the sheriff's office.
And I'm going to tell a sheriff that I know who killed Gina Baptiste.
Oh, come on.
Is that the best you can do?
That little piece of scum killed herself.
Either that or it was an accident.
Everyone knows that.
She either jumped off her balcony or she fell.
There are plenty of witnesses who can testify to that.
Witnesses, huh?
Yeah.
Lots of people saw her.
And you think that's what they're going to say in court?
When you appear in court on trial for murder.
Because when I tell a sheriff that you did it, you're going to be tried.
And you can bring all the witnesses you like.
They ain't going to save you.
Is that right?
And how do you know that?
Because they're going to say what I tell them to say.
They're going to say they saw you attack Gina Baptiste with a knife.
And then you'll be tried.
Convicted.
And hanged.
I told you.
You don't scare me one bit.
So you ain't going to leave.
Too right I ain't going to leave.
I'm staying right here.
Well, you can't say I didn't give you a chance.
I guess you have about 30 minutes before they come and get you.
It's your last 30 minutes of freedom.
And joy them.
Wait.
What?
Come back in here.
So.
Changed your mind, have you?
I said.
Come back in here.
Good.
You finally come to your...
What the hell do you think you're doing?
You dare to hit me.
Well, sister, you are in real trouble now.
You just listen to me, you old witch.
You only have power over people because they're afraid of you.
That's all.
But I ain't afraid of you.
Not one bit.
You don't scare me and there's nothing you can do to me.
You're making a big mistake.
Really?
Okay.
Try me.
Go to the sheriff's office.
I will.
You're a dead woman, Marilla Vogue.
Don't say I didn't warn you.
You still have time to leave town.
I don't need to leave town today.
All I need to do is think about you.
Sanite dei dei, walk quickly down the street, pushing people out of her way.
Hey, lady, what's the hurry?
Get out of my way.
What was that?
Leave it, Jake.
Leave it.
That crazy old woman nearly knocked me into the street.
She walked down Bourbon Street and turned into the square, and then into Royal Street.
She could see the sheriff's office on the other side of the street.
She walked more quickly, laughing to herself.
That woman is so stupid.
She's dead meat.
But Marie had other plans.
All I need to do is think about you.
What?
What was that?
Oh!
Think about you?
What the?
Oh!
And you did it.
Stop!
Stop doing this to me.
You mad whore!
Hey, look out, lady!
Look out!
Leave!
Get off the boat!
They never made it to the sheriff's office.
She was hit by a carriage that was traveling at high speed down Royal Street.
Our witnesses said that the woman was screaming when she stepped into the road before the carriage hit her.
They reckoned she was screaming so loud that she didn't hear the horses.
Back home, Marie LaVoe put on her best dress, combed her hair, and walked out into the street.
And everyone who saw her knew that things had changed.
No one knew it at the time, but on that day, the new voodoo queen of New Orleans was crowned.
The Queen of New Orleans.
Part two, the power of voodoo.
This is the story of Marie LaVoe, the voodoo queen of New Orleans.
She was a hairdresser when our story began, but her life changed one night in Place Congo.
Congo Square, right in the center of the French Quarter of the city.
A voodoo preacher came up to her.
He was carrying a snake.
You, lady, with long back hair.
What do you want?
Take the snake.
No.
Take it.
Take the snake.
Oh, my God.
Take it.
Stop!
Go, baby!
Dambala, widow.
I hear you.
Dambala, widow!
Marie Downs with a snake ground her body.
And after that, nothing was ever the same for her.
The next day seemed like a normal day.
But then Marie received a visit from a woman called Sanite Deite.
Now, at the time, she called herself the voodoo queen of New Orleans.
Hold on.
Okay, okay, I said, hold on.
Can I help you?
Are you Marilla Vaux?
Maybe.
Who wants to know?
Sanite Deite, the voodoo queen of New Orleans, wasn't going to give up her crown without a fight.
I heard what you did last night in Place Congo.
Is that right?
People are talking about you like you're the voodoo queen of New Orleans.
They are.
And you ate.
I'm the head of the church of freed slaves in this town.
And if you try to take my place, I'll make your life hell.
You don't scare me one little bit.
I also heard you did something really bad.
Really?
Yes.
I heard you killed a woman called Gina Baptiste.
You don't want to believe everything you hear?
Listen, woman.
It's time for you to pack your bags and leave town.
Leave town?
I ain't going nowhere.
If you don't, I'm going to the sheriff's office.
And I'm going to tell the sheriff that you killed Gina Baptiste.
You'll be tried, convicted, and hanged.
But Sanite did a never made it to the sheriff's office.
All I need to do is think about you and you're dead.
What the?
Stop!
Stop doing this to me.
You mad whore!
Hey!
Look out!
Lady!
Now Marie LaVoe was the undisputed voodoo queen of New Orleans.
People who believed in the power of voodoo started to come to her for help.
Some of them were in real trouble.
Mrs. LaVoe, you're going to help me.
My boy Jacob is in jail for something he didn't do.
They say that he killed someone, but he ain't ever killed anyone.
And they're going to hang him.
I'll do what I can.
Please help me, Mrs. LaVoe. He's my only son.
I said I'll do what I can.
Just bring me something that belongs to him.
Bring you something? Like what?
A piece of clothing? Something like that?
A piece of clothing?
You mean like a shirt?
Yes. Something like that.
Don't worry. Your son won't hang. I'll make sure of that.
Thank you Mrs. LaVoe. Thank you.
Marie did everything she could to help people.
At a cost when she was successful, people paid her.
In fact, she made a lot of money, so much money that she moved into a new house on Bourbon Street.
Her only companion there was a black cat named Bayou.
Bayou? Come here. I got you something real tasty.
Then one day she had a visitor who was looking for something a little more personal.
Well, by you. Who can that be?
Hold on. I'm coming.
Well, well, well. Guess who's here?
It was Jacques Paris, the no good low life who also happened to be Marie's husband.
Jacques, what the hell do you want?
Now come on, Marie. Is that any way to welcome back your loving husband?
Take your hands off me. Oh, come on, Marie.
This is no way for a wife to behave.
Go away, Jacques. Now. And don't come back.
I'll leave just as soon as I said what I came to say.
And what's that?
Well, do you mind if I come inside?
If you have something to tell me, you can tell me right here at the door.
Now you listen to me, Marie.
You have five minutes to tell me what you want.
And then I'm gonna call someone to throw you out.
What? You gonna call the sheriff?
I'm sure he'll be very happy to help.
I don't need the sheriff.
I have friends who can turn you in the dog meat if I ask them to.
Don't threaten me, Marie.
I threaten you all I want, Jacques.
Now, what do you want?
Okay. Well, in case you forgot, we got married a few months back.
Oh, that's right. We did.
And in case you forgot, you hardly spent a week in my house before you disappear.
Yeah, well, that's right. But I don't even think about spending another night under my roof.
Now, hold on there, Marie. At the time, I thought that somehow you were responsible for the death of a friend of mine.
If you're talking about that hard Gina Batiste, you better go.
It's okay, Marie. I now know I was wrong.
Gina's death was an accident, so I've come back to apologize for what I said.
And I thought maybe we could start over.
Turn over and leave, you know. Wipe the slate clean.
Huh? Wipe the slate clean.
The only reason I would wipe a slate clean would be to break it over your head.
Oh, come now, Marie.
Jacques!
Mary and you was the biggest mistake I ever made.
When you leave this house in about one minute from now, you ain't coming back.
Well, don't be too sure of that, Marie. Don't forget that you and me are still man and wife.
That's nonsense, and you know it.
It ain't nonsense, Marie. We're man and wife, so what's yours is also mine.
What?
We're married, Marie. And that means till death us do part.
What's yours is mine. Well, half mine. I own half of all of this.
Are you crazy?
And you have a mighty fine place here, Marie.
Get out of here, Jack. I don't owe you anything.
And you are not gonna get a silver dime out of me.
Well, Marie, you may have forgotten. But in this city, there are laws about this kind of thing.
I guess I'll just take my claim to court and see what they say.
You can do what the hell you like. I ain't giving you a cent.
Ah, now this may be someone who can help you change your mind.
What did you say?
There's someone who wants to talk to you. Open the door.
Good morning.
Can I help you?
You must be in Mrs. Paris.
My name is Marie LaVoe. Who are you?
My name is George Andrews.
How can I help you, Mr. Andrews?
Well, I think my client, Mr. Paris, is here.
You're what?
My client. I'm an attorney at law. I'm advising Mr. Paris on his claim to have for your estate.
Why? You son of a bitch.
Get out! Both of you!
Mrs. Paris, you're making a big mistake here.
Don't you call me Mrs. Paris? My name is Marie LaVoe.
Now, get out!
Mrs. Paris, since the day of your marriage to Mr. Paris, he has been legally entitled to one half for your estate.
Did you hear me? Get out!
Mrs. Paris?
I told you. Don't call me Mrs. Paris.
Jack? That's it.
I want you to leave now and take your fat friend with you.
You can't get rid of the problem by throwing us out, Marie.
You want to bet money on that?
You can bet your life on it. Mrs. Paris, I will instruct my client to press charges against you.
Keep talking if you want me to hit you again.
Fine. Okay, just hold on there.
Goodbye, gentlemen. Have a nice day.
Marie, you better think again about what you're doing.
The next time we meet we'll be in court.
The next time we meet, Jack Paris, we'll be in hell.
Marie noticed that Jack had left his hat, and she thought about opening the door and throwing it out onto the street.
But she didn't.
Well, by you.
What do you think we should do with Jack?
Because he's gonna have to die.
And die very soon.
She took a sharp knife and began to cut the hat into small pieces.
Then she put the pieces into a bowl of water.
There's a lake near New Orleans called Lake Pontchartrain.
A few days later, early in the morning before it was light, two fishermen were out on the lake in a boat.
Hey! Help me with this net!
What's the problem?
I don't know. We got something real heavy in it.
Hey, what's the matter with you? You losing your strength?
You can't pull in the net without me helping you?
Yeah, let me help me with this net. It's too heavy.
Hey, come on! What can be so heavy that you can't hold it in?
Just shut up and help me.
Okay, let's do it.
Pull.
Jesus.
You're right. What the hell did we catch today?
Oh, will you shut up and keep pulling?
Okay, here it comes.
Stop it! What's the matter?
Look, in the net, is that?
Is that someone's arm?
Oh, my God!
Jesus, Mary and Joseph, it's a man.
Come on. Help me get him in the boat.
In the boat? No way!
What you talking about? We have to take him back to the show.
I ain't going nowhere with a dead body in the boat.
Come on, boy. What you thinking about?
We can't leave his body here in the lake.
We sure can.
For pity's sake.
What is it?
I just saw his face. His eyes are staring at me.
Push him back in the water. Let someone else find him.
Okay.
Jesus, man, that was terrible.
His eyes were staring at me and his mouth was wide open.
He looked like he was in fear of the devil when he died.
Stop talking about it. I don't want to know. Let's get out of here.
The worst thing is, I recognized him.
You did?
Yes.
Who was it? His name? His Jack Paris.
The next day, Marie visited one of her hairdressing clients, a woman called Margaret Salinger.
She lived in a fancy house in Dauphin Street, and her husband was a businessman.
They seemed to have a lot of money. Mrs. Salinger lied gossiping with Marie.
You know something, Marie. What's that, Margaret?
You have a talent that no one else in the world has.
I do. And what talent is that?
You're the only person in this city who can make my hair look good.
Oh, come on. I'm nothing special.
Not true. I do believe that without you, I would look like a witch.
Margaret, stop it. You're a fine-looking woman.
Well, I don't know about that.
But have you seen my daughter Laverne recently? She just turned 19, and she's a real good-looking girl.
I have, and you're right. She's a real beauty.
Margaret, I want to... Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't realize there was someone with you.
What do you want, Henry?
Margaret, I need to speak to you privately for a moment.
Marie is doing my hair. Can't it wait?
No, I'm afraid it can't.
Is it something so secret that my hairdresser can't hear it?
Well...
Whatever it is, I'm sure I won't understand it. And I'm sure I'll forget it the minute I hear it.
Yes, but if you don't mind, I need to talk to my wife alone.
Oh, well, Marie. I guess I better listen to him.
Perhaps you would like some lemon tea. Okay? I'll come back later.
Go down to the kitchen, Marie. Betsy will look after you.
Marie, how you doing? Fine, Betsy.
You want some iced tea? That would be fine.
Marie, I was so sorry to hear about Jack.
Yes, well, you know, we weren't living together anymore.
Well, yeah, I did hear that. But did they ever find out what happened to him?
Well, I just think he got drunk as a skunk and fell in the lake.
Marie, that's a terrible thing to say.
Betsy, can I? Oh, sorry.
Oh, hi, Laverne. Laverne, you know Marie, don't you?
Yes, indeed. Hello, Mrs. Paris.
Laverne. How many times do I have to tell you? Call me Marie.
Right. Okay. Marie, I'm sorry to hear about your husband.
Thank you, Laverne. It must be so hard to lose someone you love.
Yes, I guess it is.
Young Laverne is in love. Ain't you Laverne?
No, Betsy, stop it.
Are you in love, Laverne?
Well, yes, I am. Who's the lucky boy?
His name is Tom Martin, and he works on one of the boats that sailed to the islands.
You know, the sugar boats? He works on a boat.
Yes. I know it doesn't sound like much of a job, but he loves the sea.
He wants to be captain of his own ship one day.
I guess that means he's way a lot. Yes, he is. But he's coming home soon.
That's great, Laverne. I hope you have a fine time when he comes back.
I sure will, if... If what, Laverne? Nothing.
Well, the thing is, Dad wants me to marry someone who's going to make a lot of money,
and Tom sure isn't going to do that.
So, Henry, what is it that's so important it can't wait till I've had my air done?
Margaret, there's something I have to tell you.
What? What is it, Henry?
Margaret, we are in deep trouble.
Why? What's happened?
I... I have lost a lot of money.
How much? A lot. How much?
Ten thousand dollars.
Ten... You lost ten thousand dollars? I didn't know you had ten thousand dollars.
I didn't. I borrowed the money, and then I lost every cent.
But how?
I went into a land deal with a man. A terrible man called George Andrews, the man who was here this afternoon.
That ugly little fat guy?
Yes. He's a lawyer. And he's a crook. He stole all the money.
Okay, so he committed a crime. Go tell a sheriff.
Do that. The deal wasn't completely legal. I didn't realize it at the time. I... I guess I didn't read the small print in the contract.
Henry, what are we going to do? This house isn't even worth ten thousand dollars.
There is... a solution.
What's that?
Andrews will pay me the money back and pay off all my other debts.
And why would he do that?
Well, first of all, he has agreed to buy the land we own out west of the city.
That piece of land near the Achavelia swamp?
Yes.
He wants to buy that land for ten thousand dollars? That's great!
Not exactly. There's something else that he wants.
What?
Well...
Henry, what is it that he wants?
This afternoon, he met Leverne.
And?
He... well, he has asked me for her hand in marriage.
What? Henry, Leverne is nineteen.
Well, yes.
And he is old and fat and disgusting.
Henry, I am not going to allow that horrible man to marry my daughter.
Margaret, things aren't as simple as that.
I'll explain.
The thing is...
Can I come in?
Yes.
Margaret, what's the matter?
I just heard some terrible news.
What? What's happened?
Henry just told me that someone wants to marry Leverne.
You mean the young man who works on the sugar boat?
No, Marie. Not Tom.
A horrible old man called George Andrews.
George Andrews? Yes.
I'm an attorney at law.
I'm advising Mr. Paris on his claim to have for your estate.
Why?
You son of a bitch.
Yes, he's a disgusting little man.
I know George Andrews.
You do? Yes.
In that case, you will understand why I'm so upset.
You can't let that happen, Margaret. You cannot let that happen.
Do you think I want it to happen?
If you don't want it, don't allow it.
It isn't as easy as that, Marie.
We're in deep trouble.
Henry owes money to this man a lot of money.
Andrews can ruin us if he wants to.
How?
When he asked Henry for permission to speak to Leverne about marriage,
Henry said no.
So Andrews asked him to think again,
and he said if Henry still said no,
he was going to ask for all the money that Henry owes him.
How much does he owe him?
$10,000.
Oh, my God.
If we have to pay him, we'll have nothing.
No house, no business, nothing.
We'll be out on the street.
Oh, Margaret.
But if we agree to the marriage,
Andrews will pay off all Henry's other debts as well.
And he will also buy a useless piece of land that we own
out near the Atchifu lion swamp.
I see.
I wish I could kill that man.
But, you know, that wouldn't help.
He has three children by his first marriage.
To be clear of the dead.
I would have to kill all of them as well.
You know what the best thing would be?
What's that, Margaret?
Have Leverne marry him.
And then kill him.
You know, that ain't such a bad idea.
That's a crazy idea, Margaret, and you know it.
Marie?
Yes.
Could you do that for me?
What?
Kill a man.
Margaret, are you out of your mind?
Don't be all surprised with me, Marie.
I know about the things that you do.
What are you talking about?
You know, darn well what I'm talking about, Marie.
I know about you.
And all of those voodoo ceremonies down in Congo Square.
Marie?
Are you listening to me?
I'm listening.
Will you help me?
Margaret, I don't normally work for white people.
You don't, huh?
Well, you're going to start now.
Okay, Margaret.
I'll try to help.
You know I'd do anything for you.
And...
And what?
I just remembered something.
Something that George Andrews said to me just before Jack died.
Mrs. Paris, since the day of your marriage to Mr. Paris, he has been legally entitled
to one half by your estate.
I have an idea.
I think I know what we can do.
Mother!
Laverne.
Father just told me the most terrible thing.
He wants me to marry Mr. Andrews.
I know.
I won't do it, Mother.
I'd rather cut my own throat than let that man touch me.
Laverne, calm down.
Calm down.
Mother, I won't do it.
I love you and I love Dad, but I will not marry that man.
The very thought of it makes me sick.
Laverne, please.
Just stop for a moment and listen to Marie.
Listen to Marie.
What for?
Laverne.
Just sit down for a moment and let me talk to you.
I can help you.
How?
What can you do?
If you marry this man.
Marie, stop it.
I don't want to hear it.
Laverne.
Quit squawking and hear me out.
Sorry.
In fact, it is Laverne.
You only have to marry him.
Go through with the wedding and you will immediately inherit half of his estate.
And?
And then will.
I'll tell Marie.
If you don't marry Andrews, we will lose everything.
The house, the business, everything.
Why didn't anyone tell me?
Laverne, I didn't know about it until today either.
Well, you two, listen to my plan.
Sorry.
Laverne.
As soon as you are married to Mr. Andrews, I will make sure that,
something happens to him.
What?
What's going to happen to him?
Trust me, Laverne.
He won't be a problem for you.
But I need your help.
You must go to Mr. Andrews' house and you must agree to marry him.
Marie, I can't do that.
I rarely can't.
Hear me out.
Agree to marry him.
And bring me back something that belongs to him.
What kind of thing?
The simplest thing would be a handkerchief.
Look, Margaret, I have to go now.
But I'll be back later.
Trust me, Laverne.
Everything will be okay.
Mama, why am I agreeing to this?
I can't bear the idea of that man touching me.
I deliver and trust Marie.
She knows what she's doing.
You'd better be right.
Because if I have to live with that man, I'm going to kill myself.
The next morning, Henry Salinger and his daughter Laverne visited George Andrews.
Henry, hello George.
So good to see you.
Laverne.
Hello, Mr. Andrews.
Boy, Laverne, you look good enough to eat.
Can we come in, George?
A short thing, Henry.
Come in.
George, we've come to talk about your proposal.
Good.
And I hope you agree it's a good idea.
Because if you haven't, then it's the end of the road for the Salinger's.
Well, yes, Laverne has agreed to marry you.
What did you do, Laverne?
You just made the best decision of your life.
Come here.
Oh, Mr. Andrews.
George, please, can we just discuss a few details?
It's okay, Laverne.
I can wait, but not for long.
Let me get you folks a drink to celebrate.
George, it's 11 o'clock in the morning.
Isn't it kind of early to be drinking?
Not when there's something like this to celebrate.
No, George.
I think...
Oh, no, Dad.
I think that's a nice idea.
My father would like to join you, Mr. Andrews.
Good.
Well, I'm glad she has more sense than you, Henry.
Even if she is just a woman.
Hey, hold on there.
And I'll be back with some bourbon.
Laverne, what are you thinking about?
Don't worry, Dad.
I know what I'm doing.
You know that I don't drink in the morning.
Well, you're gonna have to start, Dad.
I want you to accept a glass of bourbon from Mr. Andrews.
And then...
Here we are.
A bottle of my best bourbon.
It's 15 years old.
Henry, have you any idea how much this stuff costs?
No, George.
I don't know how much it costs.
Don't you want to know how much it costs?
How much does it cost, George?
This beauty is $7 a bottle.
$7, but worth every cent.
I have about 60 bottles of it in the cellar.
Can I see the bottle, Mr. Andrews?
Oh, why, yes, Laverne.
Thank you.
Well, Laverne, I didn't think you would be a bourbon drinker.
Let me pour you a glass.
Oh, no.
I don't want to drink it, Mr. Andrews.
I'm just interested in... in bottles.
Oh!
Be careful.
Laverne.
Oh, my God.
That table is worth a fortune.
I'm so sorry, Mr. Andrews.
Let me clear up the glass.
Don't be ridiculous, Laverne.
I have servants to do this kind of stuff.
Martha!
No, no.
I broke it.
I want to clear it up.
No, no, Laverne.
Stop it.
Get up off the floor.
It's okay, Mr. Andrews.
Here, take this piece.
Gah!
Laverne, careful.
You just cut Mr. Andrews' hand.
Jesus Christ, I'm bleeding to death.
Martha!
Oh, no.
I'm so sorry.
Quick, let me help you.
Sit down here and give me a handkerchief.
I...
I'll use this one in your top pocket.
It's okay, Dad.
Mr. Andrews won't mind.
Martha, where are you?
I'm right here, Mr. Andrews.
Oh, my goodness.
What have you done to your hand?
What have I done to my hand?
You can see with your own eyes.
I'm bleeding to death.
Come with me into the pantry, Mr. Andrews.
I'll clean that up.
We'll come back later, George, when things have calmed down a little.
Later that day, Laverne took Mr. Andrews' silk handkerchief to Marie's house.
I got this, Marie.
Well done, Laverne.
How come it's covered in blood?
I dropped a seven dollar bottle of bourbon on a glass coffee table.
There was glass everywhere.
Then I accidentally cut Mr. Andrews' hand with a piece of broken glass.
My.
I really enjoyed it.
Oh, my God.
What am I saying?
I understand.
What are you going to do with it?
Look at this.
The doll?
What about it?
Laverne, this is going to save your life.
But it's just a doll.
Yes.
And I'm going to put the handkerchief around the doll.
Like this.
And?
How does that help, Anderson?
Laverne, it means I can do something to Mr. Andrews.
Anytime I want.
What do you mean?
Do something.
Watch.
First of all, I just put this needle into the doll.
Like this?
And Mr. Andrews is going to get a sharp pain.
Right there.
In his chest.
Mother, do you know where to...
What's the matter, Mr. Andrews?
Nothing.
I just...
You okay?
Sit down for a moment.
I just got a pain here in my chest.
It's okay.
It's gone now.
Mr. Andrews, when are you going to take my advice
and stop drinking so much bourbon?
Never, Martha, never.
I like bourbon too much to ever stop.
A few weeks later, the wedding took place.
After the church service, there was a big party in Andrews' house in Canal Street.
Laverne was sick with worry.
Congratulations, Laverne, and good luck.
Thanks.
My God, she needs all the luck she can get.
Hello, Marie.
Hi, Margaret.
How are you feeling?
Terrible.
But there is some good news.
Andrews has already paid off Henry's debts to all the banks in town.
That's wonderful.
Marie.
Hi, Laverne.
You look lovely.
Marie, what's going on?
You said everything would be okay.
Well, it doesn't feel okay to me.
Don't panic.
It would be okay, I promise.
Ladies and gentlemen, please raise your glasses for a toast to George and Laverne.
George and Laverne.
Marie, are you?
Oh, where's Marie?
Laverne, did you see where Marie went?
No.
No one knew where Marie was, but she was nearby.
And she had the doll covered with the blood-stained silk handkerchief.
And she had a sharp needle.
Dumb balla widow.
Hear my words.
Now, ladies and gentlemen, pray silence for the groom, Mr. George Andrews.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm so glad that you could all come to my wedding.
And I hope the food and drink are to your satisfaction.
Well, they should be.
This whole thing costs me a huge pile of money.
And let's be honest.
Money is what this is all about.
I work hard all my life.
I mean a lot of money.
And now I get my reward.
I have a beautiful young bride and...
Dumb balla widow.
I...
What was that?
What was what, George?
Voice kinda spooky voice.
Dumb balla widow.
That is again.
Didn't anyone hear it?
No one heard anything.
You didn't hear a voice.
Saying something foreign?
No, George.
The only voice we can hear is yours.
Right.
Well, as I was saying,
I have a beautiful young bride.
Dumb balla widow.
George, you're right.
Of course I'm all right.
It's my wedding day.
What was I saying?
I have always believed
that what you...
You get what?
Dumb balla widow.
George, sit down, man.
You look terrible.
Leave me alone, damn you.
This is my wedding party,
which I have paid for.
Most people would expect the bride's father
to pay for all this,
but he didn't.
Dumb balla widow.
Get out the way.
Let him get some air.
Oh, my God!
George was dead.
The doctor said he had a heart attack.
All of her was a widow
before her wedding day was over.
But I guess inheriting $100,000 of charges
money helped her to recover quickly.
And Marie?
Well, she was most definitely
the queen in New Orleans.